README.md, before:

A simple Dash application to examine CMIP5 downscaled climate model outputs over the Northwest Territories, Canada.

All work is funded through SNAP at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks.

To run the application locally, install [pipenv](https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).  This app needs `python3` to run; if that's not your default python, adjust the command below (i.e. `python3` instead of `python`).

```bash
cd /path/to/this/repo
pipenv install
export GTAG_ID='abc' # google analytics ID, nonce for dev
export REQUESTS_PATHNAME_PREFIX='/' # see below for more info
pipenv run python application.py
```

The application will be available at [http://127.0.0.1:8080/](http://127.0.0.1:8080/).

## Deployment on AWS

Before deploying, update the `requirements.txt` file:

```sh
pipenv clean
pipenv run pip freeze > requirements.txt
git commit -am'updating requirements.txt'
```

When deploying on AWS Elastic Beanstalk, a few environment variables must be set:

 * `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN`: token for API access for Mapbox, no default value
 * `GTAG_ID`: property ID for Google Analytics, no default value
 * `REQUESTS_PATHNAME_PREFIX`: Path prefix on host, should be `/` for local development and `/tools/nwt-climate-explorer/` for current deploy on AWS

Commit message:

Inuvik Location and Data Fix (#15)
* rextraction

* build point extraction from single source

* remove index name to fix pickle for map display

* fix perms to run locally

* re-extract data and re-generate pickle

* generate pickle locally

* add note about mapbox token, extraction process

* cull old location data

* add qa/qc notebook

* update notebook, then ignore it

* update notebook

* temp move nb outside repo

* ready qa notebook for commit

* updating requirements.txt

* update qaqc docs

Co-authored-by: Charles Parr <cparr4@atlas12.snap.uaf.edu>
Co-authored-by: Charles Parr <cparr4@atlas.snap.uaf.edu>

README.md, after:

A simple Dash application to examine CMIP5 downscaled climate model outputs over the Northwest Territories, Canada.

All work is funded through SNAP at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks.

To extract the data for NWT locations, run `data_prep/extract_profile_snap_deltadownscaled_rasters.py` on Atlas. The `data.pickle` file should be generated locally with `make_pickle.py` after the extraction is complete.

To run the application locally, install [pipenv](https://pipenv.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).  This app needs `python3` to run; if that's not your default python, adjust the command below (i.e. `python3` instead of `python`).

```bash
cd /path/to/this/repo
pipenv install
export GTAG_ID='abc' # google analytics ID, nonce for dev
export REQUESTS_PATHNAME_PREFIX='/' # see below for more info
export MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN='' # <-- insert a valid mapbox token here
pipenv run python application.py
```

The application will be available at [http://127.0.0.1:8080/](http://127.0.0.1:8080/).

## Deployment on AWS

Before deploying, update the `requirements.txt` file:

```sh
pipenv clean
pipenv run pip freeze > requirements.txt
git commit -am'updating requirements.txt'
```

When deploying on AWS Elastic Beanstalk, a few environment variables must be set:

 * `MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN`: token for API access for Mapbox, no default value
 * `GTAG_ID`: property ID for Google Analytics, no default value
 * `REQUESTS_PATHNAME_PREFIX`: Path prefix on host, should be `/` for local development and `/tools/nwt-climate-explorer/` for current deploy on AWS
